Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Hey. Okay. Can you hear me.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, now I can
Shawn Phalen: Hear you guys have to go and
Galaxy Note10+: It's it's it's going, yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm sorry that I've missed some my appointments. I've had like I write them down and then I forget where I write them down at so I'm my husband started putting them in my phone showing me how to do it in my phone. Okay, good. And
Galaxy Note10+: Then over
Here, my phone before so
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, because then it just pops up as a reminder
Galaxy Note10+: I'll remind myself on Siri, and then I'll forget that I have that 30 minutes
Galaxy Note10+: And
Galaxy Note10+: Today I wanted to talk about
Galaxy Note10+: So my landlord died in March.
Galaxy Note10+: She
Galaxy Note10+: had a heart attack and
Galaxy Note10+: never recovered from it and we had a lease and tell may 31 of this month and
Galaxy Note10+: The lease is up and since since she's died. Good. The daughter is trying to kick us out and just gave us a 60 day notice today when I told her, and she told me
Galaxy Note10+: Originally they told me they couldn't find the paperwork that we signed
Galaxy Note10+: And I never told them that they wouldn't find it. It was because I never gave her the copies her and I did the paperwork at my house.
Galaxy Note10+: And we trusted each other, it was that was we did the signature thing just to have it on file. But we had verbal agreements between each other. And so what they did is they
Galaxy Note10+: They. I said, Send me a copy of the
Galaxy Note10+: The, the lease. I want to see it and she only sent me a copy of the top part
Galaxy Note10+: She wouldn't send me a copy of the
Galaxy Note10+: Bottom part where the signature was very think it's because I'm going to fill that out. I filled it out in blue ink. This was in black ink and they also do my a's, a different way on
Galaxy Note10+: My city and I do my age with roll with the loop at the top looks like an upside down, you
Galaxy Note10+: And then the circle with the loop at the end.
Galaxy Note10+: These are circle as just just a circle and a loop.
Galaxy Note10+: I didn't, I didn't
Galaxy Note10+: I didn't sign that paperwork.
Galaxy Note10+: And
Galaxy Note10+: She's lying and I'm very angry about it. So I told her.
Galaxy Note10+: She said she's a lawyer and they told her.
Galaxy Note10+: For now on she's going to talk to my husband. I don't want to deal with her. It's making me upset and and I might even get angry and say something, they're not supposed to, or just get my heart level up too much where I am going to worry too much. So I, I asked for him to take over and
Galaxy Note10+: I sent her a message that said I want her to send a copy to his email or to his phone of the signatures on the lease and she hasn't done it. She, she's not responding. She came by today. I didn't answer the door.
Galaxy Note10+: And she just left these papers and on the bottom of the paper mice my foster sister is involved in this and
Galaxy Note10+: My landlord was the boyfriend of my foster sisters dad so
Galaxy Note10+: So they know them while I'm waiting where she's in she she
Galaxy Note10+: Works for apartments and she does like all the renting out and stuff like that. And I looked at the bottom of that piece of paper for the
Galaxy Note10+: The 60 day notice and it has the apartments.
Galaxy Note10+: thing at the bottom of it. So what they're doing is the lying trying to get me to leave and giving me false documentation saying that it's from the lawyer.
Shawn Phalen: Have they given you an eviction notice
Galaxy Note10+: She gave me a 60 day eviction notice. Yeah. She left it up at the door.
Galaxy Note10+: But it was not. It's not from a lawyers office or anything like that. I told her to have her lawyer, give me a call and she's still refusing I told her that I want to see the crop the full copies front and back of her and paperwork that she has I'm Elise that I signed in depth signed
Galaxy Note10+: And what they're gonna say it is I never gave that copies of it.
So you're saying
Galaxy Note10+: I'll only I have the copy of the lease.
Galaxy Note10+: My, my ex has it actually
Galaxy Note10+: Has it. Yeah, so trying to get that back is going to be hard, but I was thinking I should probably leave him. He I know he reads his messages. He just doesn't respond
Galaxy Note10+: But I know that he would respond if I told him what was going on, briefly, and saying that if they tried to take me to court, they're going to take you to court, too. So, I need this paperwork.
Galaxy Note10+: So basically, he's going to get pulled into it. I think that he'll actually respond to that.
Shawn Phalen: So do you live in a house or an apartment.
Galaxy Note10+: In a house.
Galaxy Note10+: It's, it's in California, there is a law that the governor passed or he said on the news that
Galaxy Note10+: There can, no one can evict anyone during this time.
Galaxy Note10+: Through I may be through May 31 and when I told her about that. She said she, she said she didn't care.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I mean I think that
I mean, I know.
Shawn Phalen: YOU KNOW, I KNOW THE GOVERNOR PAT.
You know, they're trying to eliminate
As many evictions as they possibly can.
You know,
Shawn Phalen: I don't know. I don't know what your legal rights are there because
In some states, I think it's up to the landlord.
Shawn Phalen: You know, even though the even though the governor's saying like, look, you know,
You can evict these people
Shawn Phalen: Are you know we're at pandemic, you know, this is a national crisis.
Galaxy Note10+: Trying to find a place with our limited. I mean, with our limited income right now with the whole. How are we supposed to even go and look for a place if we're zoned to be in our house. Exactly. Can I will look for a place
Galaxy Note10+: Right. And they extended it, I just saw on the news they extended the the stay at home until May 22 right so it didn't. Lift it that they extended it
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and I mean I don't think she has much
Shawn Phalen: I you know I mean I just question, you know, she does, she really have an attorney, she you know she going to really go to the
Galaxy Note10+: I don't think feed does. I think that the poor girl as I know, Rachel and I know the dad, and there is a beef going on between me and Rachel sister right now so I haven't talked to her on her sister, should we were best friends for a long time.
Galaxy Note10+: story short is basically her has been asked if she was cheating on him and I didn't want to be involved anymore. And I told him.
Galaxy Note10+: Yes, she did. Because I know that she did, she came to my house and cheated. I said, please take your business.
Galaxy Note10+: And take care of it at home. I don't want to be a part of it anymore.
Galaxy Note10+: And I sent have had to hold that secret in the first place, but I've been holding it for a really long time and I got tired of being caught in the middle, too. And I finally
Galaxy Note10+: I finally said something and I to be honest I I know she was my best friend. I don't care. I don't feel bad. I got my own problems. And that's it.
Shawn Phalen: You feel like there's some retaliation going on here.
Galaxy Note10+: Yes, I do.
Galaxy Note10+: It has gotten I had an arrangement that she was gonna let us do month to month to month and she was going to let us stay in here and tell she sold place because I keep the place clean and I take care of it.
Galaxy Note10+: And when she passed away everything voided know everything is gone to the daughter and the daughter has done here visiting which is with David and Rachel.
Galaxy Note10+: And I know for a fact that they're trying to to get us out. It can't. There's they're saying that the lease was up may 1 the line. I know that it said, May 31 because I filled out the paperwork. That's not the right lease and and I
Galaxy Note10+: And we both my husband and I called her
Galaxy Note10+: Because she doesn't know about certain things like my handwriting and stuff like that. She doesn't know that I was the one that went and bought the paperwork. The paper from Staples.
Galaxy Note10+: I went and bought my own thing filled it out for dot and came to the house, a year and a half ago, and we sat down me her and Jason and we
Galaxy Note10+: I filled out the thing and Jason and me and her each signed it. She even wrote a paragraph letter on the bottom of the page on page four that says I Dorothy Tweety promise to not up the rent during the two years.
Galaxy Note10+: At all, as long as rent is paid on time.
Galaxy Note10+: And that her signature and they won't even show me that
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So try and get that release from your Alex
Galaxy Note10+: I'm going to try even if I have to go down there and knock on the moms door. I don't know. Maybe I can call the police and have them meet me there and
Galaxy Note10+: He does. He does. He has understand that if this goes to court because his name's on the lease that he's going to be, it's going to go against his credit to as well, not just mine.
Shawn Phalen: Right, yeah. So is there any kind of, you know, there's no restraining order going on with your
Access
Galaxy Note10+: Database
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Galaxy Note10+: Who has the restraining order. He has a restraining order against me, you can contact him.
Galaxy Note10+: I know he's contact. I have fruit. So he's contacted me I just talked to him, a month ago and gave him back something up is the forum to him, so I know he won't say anything.
Galaxy Note10+: Um, but
Galaxy Note10+: You sure, yes, positive
Shawn Phalen: Because you can go to jail for breaking that kind of a restraining order.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah I know he's broken it twice. He's contacted me twice he contacted me last month and asked if I had a case by case basis, said, no, no. Have you by piece, and before and I met him after the, the court order wisdom.
Galaxy Note10+: I needed. I bought the car from him and I lost the title. And so I had to meet up with him to have him resigned certain spots her DMV and
Galaxy Note10+: So we met up, you know, we both knew you know student secret loon didn't tell anybody.
Galaxy Note10+: But I have it. The messages on my phone and everything from him where he says, okay, meet me here at this time. And then the little argument afterwards, where that we had through text message I have all of it.
Galaxy Note10+: So,
Galaxy Note10+: Really, you would be in violation till Yeah, kinda.
I don't know, it's, it's
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's a it's a risk.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know.
Galaxy Note10+: And what I was thinking of sending him the text first and letting him know that he has names on the lease and he doesn't get this to me, ends up going to court.
Galaxy Note10+: He's gonna get I'm gonna be giving them his mom's address and everything to the badge in and he'll be responsible for half of anything that happens.
Galaxy Note10+: So I was just going to send him a short text and see if he answers. And if he doesn't answer my only other option is to call a police officer and have them meet me down and back.
Galaxy Note10+: At his mom's house and have them knock on the door and asked for the paperwork. I know exactly where it is. It's, it's in the plastic bag that had all his court documents for his kids that I gave him.
Galaxy Note10+: And it's in, it's in that bag.
Galaxy Note10+: He was going back to to
Galaxy Note10+: His ex was taking him to court for child support more child support. She lost her job and he got a lawyer and I did all the paperwork and stuff like that into things and
Galaxy Note10+: It's all the pictures and the text messages, it was all in one bag, so it will still be in that bag. He doesn't even know that probably there.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I'm so he threw the bag on the floor, somewhere in his room or it's on the bottom floor of his car stills just
Galaxy Note10+: So, as he doesn't ever look in anything. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know. You're gonna have to approach it the best and safest way you think would work. You know, I don't know your acts. All I know is that people get arrested for breaking restraining orders and
Shawn Phalen: Know a judge isn't going to care that he contacted you first for something and I don't, I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: I'm not sure.
Galaxy Note10+: I hope he just will answer. I hope he'll just, I'm just going to tell them at the bottom of it and you don't have to respond. You can just put the paperwork in the mailbox.
Galaxy Note10+: That's all I wanted to do. We don't have to meet
Galaxy Note10+: Each other, just the mailbox that I have down at the, at the end of my driveway has a lock on it, nobody can get an index of for me. You can pull the tab down where the mail goes in, what in the box and leave. We don't have to see each other. No.
Galaxy Note10+: None of that, what will happen to just, just put a blue box.
Galaxy Note10+: And I'll take care of the rest. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. Again, no. Just have to use your, your, your judgment on what would be the best thing
Shawn Phalen: I mean, I understand the frustration with this, and I understand that you need to get that Dudley's
Yeah.
You know, because it's challenging right now and you need something I know you need something in your hand to show them, you know, but
Shawn Phalen: I don't know. I would proceed with caution and proceed. The best way you think you will get the results that you want and need
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: Maybe think about it, maybe the best thing to do is to call the police first
Galaxy Note10+: And have them a score you down there, meet me there. So you're not violating any you're not finally that you're not in violation of anything if you call them. And same thing
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I just always with situations like this. I just feel like it's better to to really play it safe and buy the book.
Galaxy Note10+: I know I have a memory problem.
Galaxy Note10+: I know why I remember certain things.
Galaxy Note10+: But
Galaxy Note10+: I think that they're probably counting our mean not remembering. And I think what they're doing is trying to scare me from me, but I don't scare easily and and my mom. She's my step mom. She's a, she's a realtor for another roles.
Galaxy Note10+: Right. And I'm definitely not stupid when it comes to and I think that Rachel probably thinks that I don't know all these things. And she thinks she's been smart. Yeah, but she's not she's making mistakes and I already seen the the paper for the 60 day notice is on a an apartment. It says
Galaxy Note10+: No, I didn't catch it at first this is California Apartment Association approved form and then it says 60 day notice of termination of tenancy. And so these are from her apartments.
Galaxy Note10+: Then the lady is just a personal lady. She doesn't own any apartment.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So what do you feel the best with the next step is the best next step.
Galaxy Note10+: My next step was to take a picture of this and send it to Rachel let her know that I know that these forms are by her
Galaxy Note10+: That they better start thinking before they start making a move got copies of them already.
Galaxy Note10+: Forging signature. I mean 4g and stuff. If we take this to court. She's going to be in a lot of trouble.
Galaxy Note10+: For falsifying these these this paperwork. Right.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and I would do it as non confrontational early as possible just present the facts to her.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, because you want to stay out of a
Shawn Phalen: You know you want to stay at the argument here. You want to do this professionally.
And maturely
Galaxy Note10+: That's why I was letting Stephen handle it. He even they even got his name wrong. It's funny because they
Galaxy Note10+: They have it on my check. She goes, she tried to be like stealth, but I knew exactly what was going on. She called me pretended to be my friend.
Galaxy Note10+: Got me to say the names of the renters in the room because and I said, What are you trying to do. I said, You tried to serve me with the notice
Galaxy Note10+: And she got real quiet for a minute, and she never answered. She goes, Well, I see that Stevens Stephen is on the name of the chat that you wrote me and I said, Yeah. I said, that's my husband and so on. Here, if you look
Galaxy Note10+: At it, it's nine spelt right, she's dealt with the Wii and he spells. His name with a
Galaxy Note10+: PH. They're just making a lot of mistakes.
Galaxy Note10+: A lot of mistakes. So I'm noticing. They don't even they don't even have my renters last names on here. It's just not a valid. It's not valid.
Galaxy Note10+: They didn't mean to fill out the parts of this is, please, please take notice that your tendency of the premises is terminated effective 60 days.
Galaxy Note10+: Period after your service is and then they didn't even fill out rent must still be payment advance and then it says as follows from blank date to blink date for how many days at this much dating to fill that out and it's supposed to be filled out
Galaxy Note10+: The just making tons of mistakes.
Galaxy Note10+: And I, and I caught it all. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: So,
Let's before we end here. Let's talk about what you want to do. What is, what is your next, what's the next step, you want to take care
Galaxy Note10+: Um, I would like
Galaxy Note10+: I think I want to refrain from saying too much to them because I always talk too much, so I need to let Stephen handle it. I think that maybe he should
Galaxy Note10+: Kind of give this girl a warning that we know that this people were came from Rachel and that I think the Houston, just say we don't want to take this to court. We will we have to
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, so we can either settle on something, or we can take it to court and we'll be happy to take it to court because we have enough proof and evidence of ourselves to take it there.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, I think that that's what we should do.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So my suggestion is to have him handle it and to stay out of it because they think this could turn into an ugly situation and I
Galaxy Note10+: Want to try and avoid here. I don't think it's worth it. Honestly, it is not worth it. You know, I will
Be smart.
Galaxy Note10+: Because it's already like I have a tenant leaving and I, I'm not going to be able to make Rick and
Galaxy Note10+: I know that they had said that landlords, like if you can't make all your rent that landlords kick kick you out and stuff. So when I told her that
Galaxy Note10+: What's, what's happened is Emily is 24 and she
Galaxy Note10+: Just bought a car before all this pandemic happened she bought a fiance and she had three jobs and then when the stuff got
Galaxy Note10+: Started she got laid off by two jobs and then her hours were cut from her main job and she can't afford to pay that car and rent and all that she's moving in back with mom, dad,
Galaxy Note10+: So I'm mid losing that income and I can't get somebody else in that room because I can't guarantee them more than 60 days.
Galaxy Note10+: So I can't pay rent.
Galaxy Note10+: And I can't pay rent because I now have this paperwork, because I have 60 days left and I can't, I can't do that to somebody have the move in and then tell them, sorry. You have to move out.
Galaxy Note10+: So that's what I would tell the judge is I would have been able to pay rent has they just made an agreement with me or you know
Galaxy Note10+: Instead, they wanted to pull all these
Galaxy Note10+: Documents and forge them and and lies and by like what for
Shawn Phalen: Right, and I agree. And that's why I'm saying, the best thing for you is to stay out of it because you want to have this turn out. You know, you want the best case scenario here.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, guess really this is not a good time should be trying to find a place to live.
Galaxy Note10+: Right, it's just not possible. It's just, you just don't want to do that.
So you want to keep things as calm and friendly cordial and professional as you possibly can.
Galaxy Note10+: Like to hand it over to your husband, and that's what you have to do.
Galaxy Note10+: You don't want this thing to explode into something bigger than it has to be right.
Galaxy Note10+: I think it's a good idea for you to just exit stage left out of this.
deal directly with your husband.
Galaxy Note10+: Was really it was really upsetting because I was even crying for a little bit.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm very sensitive here though I don't people who knew me, they just I hold that very well. Or I hide behind a anger, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: But, um, but really, I am a sensitive person. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: But
Galaxy Note10+: It was really upsetting to me. And I just, I think I cried twice. He's like, What are you so upset about it. I've done nothing but pay my rent on time every time. Never once was my rent late
Galaxy Note10+: Not once. Yeah, you know, and, and for the daughter to be so cold like just me. I know that it has. She doesn't even know me.
Galaxy Note10+: What I know that she's talking to reach on them because I said I said something about me being a very clean cleanliness person. My house is clean and she goes, Yes, that's what I heard.
Galaxy Note10+: So I know that she's talking to them that I'm the topic of conversation and that she's only doing this because Rachel us to get back at meaning for other things.
Okay, so
Let's, let's schedule another session. Do you want
Shawn Phalen: Can you meet on May 13 at seven.
Galaxy Note10+: May.
May 13 at seven o'clock.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: May 13
Galaxy Note10+: Do you, how do you spell your name. It is as AWS. Yes, yes, he
Galaxy Note10+: Can I ask if it's Sean if it's Sean, or is it short for something no to Shawn just shun. Yes.
Shawn Phalen: So when you you know when you check into the virtual clinic. Right.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, yes, then you'll just get connected after you do the virtual clinic.
Galaxy Note10+: Just wait and then I'll come on, like you did.
Galaxy Note10+: Like tonight. Yeah. So 636 I'm going to do 630 check in.
Galaxy Note10+: 7pm appointment.
Galaxy Note10+: I checked in early tonight because I thought I had to do drug testing.
Galaxy Note10+: They said it's not do till next week. So, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have your husband do with this. What's going on, and then we'll talk about it when we meet next time. And just remember, keep your cool
Calm anything rash, try and get what you want to this.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Take care.
Hey,
Galaxy A50: Hi.
Galaxy A50: How are you
I'm good.
Galaxy A50: You been
Galaxy A50: I. Is it me, I can barely hear you.
Galaxy A50: Know,
Shawn Phalen: Mommy. How you been,
Galaxy A50: Oh well, I don't know if you know, but our phases for established
Galaxy A50: Reopening
Galaxy A50: The reopening phases for California. Okay. Wait, where are you
Galaxy A50: Arizona. Oh, okay. Because you were the first one, remember to tell me that our stay home order was extended
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Our faces were established in there, really, really like lengthy and I'm in face to read. So it looks really bad for me.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, you need to can you not walk
Galaxy A50: Can you find out. I'm sorry. I've been trying to close something because there's a huge draft.
Galaxy A50: Yes, now I can
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: I don't understand what you're talking about with phase three
Galaxy A50: So you know how every state is going to reopen in phases.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, I see. Okay. Right. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Our not only our, our faces a lot longer than others. I'm in Phase three. So, the earliest the way I'm reading it is going to be August
Galaxy A50: Are you sure well unless I'm reading it wrong. It says face to face to
Galaxy A50: Will not because so we're in phase one and I thought based to was going to start when this when the state opens back up, which is the 15th. Right.
Galaxy A50: Exactly. Yeah. So on the
Galaxy A50: Nothing's really going to change, except will be able to like go places more but for this first phase is just essential businesses Phase two is going to be daycares schools and like
Galaxy A50: retail shops.
Galaxy A50: And phase three, and that's if base to goes well.
Galaxy A50: Is going to be, it says like end of July early August
Galaxy A50: But
Galaxy A50: We have to come up with ways where both client and myself wear a mask.
Galaxy A50: Right. Which means I can't do any facials so I'll just be a wax off.
Galaxy A50: I don't know. I'm just, I have to take it one day at a time because otherwise the amount of anxiety that I'm having because of it.
Galaxy A50: I'm not even like, Oh, I'll lose my clients. Nope. If you're a good institutions will come back to me. Eventually,
Shawn Phalen: Right, like
Galaxy A50: It's the, the amount. I'm still diligently paying rent.
Galaxy A50: Every week. So because we pay weekly if I could at least see how I'm going to get that either back or or some sort of credit for it.
Galaxy A50: But I can't find anything because I'm in this very narrow category where I my business. Who's, who's, who has no employees. So I'm a sole proprietor.
Galaxy A50: And the most that I can find this I can apply for unemployment, but I'm already on unemployment from before. So I'm losing money for no reason. And then with that you know that they
Galaxy A50: Had, like the six every state. If you're unemployed is giving you extra $600 a week, I'm getting that. But the federal one time 1200 dollar stimulus.
Galaxy A50: Because the courts are closed and nothing's going on.
Galaxy A50: Department of Child Support took it because they're pursuing me the same way as before.
Galaxy A50: And it went to Sacramento our capital Disbursement Unit and there's nobody there. So the most that people who are, by the way, working from home.
Galaxy A50: Could do for me was email my case manager, saying, hey, she's about to get to get everything we established or restart reconfigure it please. Hope this money.
Galaxy A50: Because the moment if they do give it to him. He'll be paying me back $50 a month for the rest of my life.
Galaxy A50: My ex husband is really badly coming after me. I don't know what it is. I'm assuming I mean he's done this before, when he's really
Galaxy A50: It's like idle hands. You know, because there's nothing going on and he's in the middle of nowhere. So he's just keeps coming up with ways to annoy me
Shawn Phalen: And how are you responding to that.
Galaxy A50: I'm not backing down at all. So for everything that he says that's not true. I say that's not true. I say you're violating the court order.
Galaxy A50: I did snap at him. In the end, because he was completely wrong with what he's doing. And one of the responses that I sent him with something like
Galaxy A50: A use case he's all i i do not control him. He's old he was trying to see my son doesn't want to talk to me. I don't know. He didn't realize that my son already text me mom, dad, hasn't fed me up like dinner. Just got done
Galaxy A50: You know, but that's something that my assessment should have emailed me hey dinners running behind. Do you mind. No. So at this point, he probably went to Hayden, and said,
Galaxy A50: Oh dinners just getting done. Oh, what do I do. Well, do you want, do you want to talk know you want to eat. Okay, I'm going to tell your mom that you don't want to talk
Galaxy A50: So it sounds like my kid just doesn't want to talk to me and he because I knew that that wasn't true. And he kept emailing me that
Galaxy A50: And I said, Have him pick up the phone and we'll decide on rescheduling time and He seriously said to me, he's almost 12 years old. I'm not going to make
Galaxy A50: So it's like saying like he's an adult, kind of like an old which is I mean seriously, yeah. He's almost 12 he's you're completely in charge.
Galaxy A50: And so I said something like, Are you freaking serious, you can't control a 12 year old like kinda I wasn't sarcastic, but I just said.
Galaxy A50: What's kind of like how are you are more responsible parent than me. If you can't control it. Fabio and his reply was haha lol Baba, and I'm right. You're wrong. Deal with it that that is his exact answer.
Galaxy A50: To that I was like oh my god it's a pissing contest. I didn't realize
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, but
Galaxy A50: If I back down.
Galaxy A50: Then, then this issue will not come up in court. So then I had to write them an email like two days later, on a cool note.
Galaxy A50: And I said, and I highlighted everything and I said you were late with dinner. Again, it is your job to notify me
Galaxy A50: And then also, when I said I have not heard from hate and you might have taken his phone. Then he didn't text me back. Mom, Dad, did not take my phone. So that means that he's going to our son and telling him what we're arguing about which is also a big no no
Galaxy A50: And yeah, and now he because of this whole everything being distributed equally among all Americans. My ex husband got so much money right compared to the way he lives. He doesn't need nearly that much.
Galaxy A50: Because he lives in a trailer in Idaho and he got the same exact amount that I did. If anything, he got more than me, because my stimulus is up in the air. You know what he did today. What a husky
Galaxy A50: Because what does an unemployed person need a husky
Galaxy A50: One more giant dog to feed and take care of
Galaxy A50: I've been really anxious because I feel something my intuition is just telling me that something bad's gonna happen.
Galaxy A50: Today I was supposed to speak with Hayden's counselor and Hayden via zoom
Galaxy A50: The counselor forgot to tell me that today was the meeting. So luckily, my son told me because his dad told him yesterday tomorrow. We're going to go see the counselor.
Galaxy A50: And when I contacted the counselor. This morning like hate my phone's charge, just let me know when he said, and I don't think that this is true.
Galaxy A50: He said, we cannot do it for social distancing reasons, because I would have to sit right next to Hayden.
Galaxy A50: And I was like, sir. I don't need to look at Hayden when I'm talking to him. I mean, of course, like he would need to look at me, make sure that I'm not like
Galaxy A50: Sending gang signals to Hayden or something like that, you know, I don't know, but he would be the adult in the room, but
Galaxy A50: What's more important. My facing face to face with Hayden, or my making sure like that I'm talking to Hayden in a way that his dad does and then turn around and
Galaxy A50: Miss. Miss scope. Like, for example, I need Hayden to communicate with his teachers. There's a requirement that he does that.
Galaxy A50: There's also a requirement that he does these quizzes online. I think I told you about that. I'm not sure. So my husband doesn't want a then on the computer, for some reason, so he never told Hayden either one of those things. So Hayden cannot email and he cannot do the quizzes.
Galaxy A50: So when I told him what you were gonna say something
Shawn Phalen: The quizzes are required by the teacher right
Galaxy A50: Yes, but the thing is, it's all like repeat material on cast fail.
Galaxy A50: So nobody's really but it's not even my kid doesn't do well without structure because he already has ADD and if you add all these distractions. Yeah, I'm gonna get back a really
Galaxy A50: untrained kids not to make it sound like a dog, but he's not it's going to be so hard, like just yesterday. For example, He didn't want it to do homework because I explained in the rules. It says four days, four hours a day. You have to do school
Galaxy A50: And Hayden's dad apparently came up to him and said, Hey, let's play Monopoly instead you already noticed
Galaxy A50: At least monopoly is like a business course fine, you know, but they're all these other distractions that are constantly going on. So now they have an 11 month old puppy.
Galaxy A50: Do you think my son did any school work today. You know, it's just one thing after another, and I'm not you know he's in charge. He's the parent in charge, but the fact that
Galaxy A50: He's now like he tells my son.
Galaxy A50: See how pushy mom is pretty much like I'm in. She tells him like I'm in charge. You don't have to listen to her. I've never ever in my life set that
Galaxy A50: Up in my case that's never come up because I could never find my ex husband. The moment he moved away. He never said like, Oh, I'll do homework with him over the phone or whatever.
Galaxy A50: There's been a few times when I need them because I was so tired. But even then, unless I asked. No, it's just because he has absolutely nothing going on. And my son, then I have to be the disciplinarian. And then my assessment is constantly like
Galaxy A50: Oh, moms. Oh, you don't want to talk to mom like he writes to me it. Do you really want hate them to not want to speak to you any more than he already does. And every time. He's like, Mom, how are you like Hayden's never once said that
Galaxy A50: So it's just to drive a wedge between us.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, so here's the thing is that you're gonna have to ignore a lot of the stuff that you're doing and saying, and your primary focus is to have contact with Hayden.
Shawn Phalen: And make sure that there's no explosions or drama or chaos. It's difficult to parent by proxy.
Right.
Galaxy A50: This is no but you know why it cannot be like that because Liliana is going to contact counselor to and if the counselor says what's going on his mom, you know, his mom.
Galaxy A50: Doing this doing that do not, if my son makes it sound like oh yeah my dad's always the one who he is pushing this and like if he's not going to sit pushing this information, but he's gonna take that
Galaxy A50: The stuff that goes into his ear. Yeah. My mom was trying to make me talk when I was hungry. He's not gonna say my dad only told me dinner is not ready. Five minutes prior to my mom's phone call.
Shawn Phalen: Are you following up with emails on
Galaxy A50: Paper. Yes, yes. And that's how you
Galaxy A50: Know, because one Once that Dr. Janice or whatever his name is says for whatever reason that oh yeah I guess mom's being collect a pest mom's be that kayden is it doesn't matter the judges just going to go by what you guys as professional say
Shawn Phalen: I totally disagree with you.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, are the is the court is are your emails when they're in session or or your emails being monitored by somebody through the court.
Galaxy A50: Know,
Shawn Phalen: Where they ever know.
Galaxy A50: But it's better that way, to be honest, because my son and my ex husband when he's drunk and he says ridiculous things and I want him to say as many ridiculous things as possible.
Shawn Phalen: Right, and that's why I asked me.
Galaxy A50: To do this.
Galaxy A50: It's just this doctor. Also, I told him like he was the one who suggested the him camera session. And then all of a sudden his second excuse was
Galaxy A50: Well, I have to ask Hayden, first I was like, Fine, ask him, but while I'm waiting and zoo.
Galaxy A50: I don't know. So I just feel like my ex has been has now manipulated everybody
Shawn Phalen: And it's very easy to feel that way when you're going through one of these situations. This is a very difficult. It's very stressful. It's insanely stressful.
Galaxy A50: I want to say something to this guy, but I don't know what I'm allowed to say who to who who do due to this counselor guy.
Galaxy A50: It's just, it's what he's saying is not
Galaxy A50: It's not like it doesn't make any sense. I see hate them once a month.
Galaxy A50: I mean, he sees Hayden once a month. How could he possibly wait until Hayden came in today to ask him if it's okay to speak to the three of us together.
Galaxy A50: And then wait another month like this is a child. The child needs help a child needs help now. So I really do think that this counselor is not on my side.
Shawn Phalen: Is the court appointed
No.
Galaxy A50: No, he's just a counselor where Hayden Phillips. Yeah.
And who said that who said, who said all this stuff with the counselor.
Galaxy A50: So I contacted the counselor because Hayden was really becoming completely disinterested with school
Galaxy A50: And he seemed he was starting to really get really mouthy with me like he said one time because I wasn't even we weren't arguing it was my son contacted me and he was all upset that he did extra work for school.
Galaxy A50: And accidentally not realizing that it wasn't do spilled. And I was just kind of like trying to cheer him up and my son literally broke me unblocking
Galaxy A50: And, you know, no. Yeah. And then, and then all the crazy things that my excessiveness writing me like
Galaxy A50: Oh, a haven doesn't even want to talk to you and that cadence making cadence aligned to you because he knows you get upset too easily, but I'm pretty sure it's my ex husband who constantly tells Hayden will be careful don't upset, Mom.
Shawn Phalen: You can't listen, you can't. It's very difficult. But you have to ignore what you're missing.
Galaxy A50: But all my son has to do is tell this to Dr. Janice and I'm fucked.
Shawn Phalen: Why do you think he's gonna save that and why do you feel like this, doctors, not going to have input from you.
Galaxy A50: Be this Hayden considers him to be dis safe person and if Hayden feels like he can actually share like how he feels about mom.
Galaxy A50: It would like even sue the reason why my son apparently didn't want to just pick up the phone and tell me that. Hey, Mom. Dinner is running behind like it was in text and then he just stopped talking to me.
Galaxy A50: After we did finally talk. He's all mom, I thought you were going to get mad.
Galaxy A50: And I said I wouldn't get mad, except for the fact that you didn't act like a gentleman about this. If you would have just because I also have things to do. You know, I looked forward to this right and
Galaxy A50: But all my access, but it has to do is say enough times like remember mom gets really mad really easily. And then all my son has to do is tell this doctor Genesis, not even realizing what he said.
Shawn Phalen: But this guy.
So,
Galaxy A50: He's a professional like this, he gets what's happening here. She understands. I'm hoping the dynamics of this, like, really, what kind of a professional would tell them mom who's truly concerned that she needs to wait another month for this.
Galaxy A50: No, this is this is on purpose. Okay. Now, hold on. So he's
Shawn Phalen: Continuing to see Hayden now and his next appointment with with the three of you will be next month.
Galaxy A50: Yes, but I emailed this to him. Two weeks ago, in hopes he didn't even tell me that he didn't have an appointment today.
Galaxy A50: I figured he would contact me and let me know you know this week, blah, blah, blah. So I was the one who followed up with them last week and I said I have zoom downloaded, just let me know and if it weren't for Hayden yesterday. This guy would never even bothered.
Shawn Phalen: So you're getting into some really like
Galaxy A50: I don't trust anybody.
So here's what's happening though is like you've hired a counselor for him for Hayden.
Galaxy A50: What's kind of counselor would rather deal with nothing.
Galaxy A50: I'm sorry I this is not therapeutic
Okay. What do you want, what do you need, what do you need
I know
Galaxy A50: counsellor would have an opportunity to give be the person with the other side of legal custody.
Galaxy A50: In in like to have an opportunity and purposely create to get very, very lame reasons for why that's not gonna happen.
Galaxy A50: So you
Galaxy A50: Hired cancer for havens.
Galaxy A50: He did.
Galaxy A50: But it was court ordered, he's just not caught up.
Galaxy A50: I'm gonna walk out to the other room.
Galaxy A50: Is a child who was court ordered to see a counselor to deal with his separation from mom.
Right.
Galaxy A50: The counselor should welcome this.
Galaxy A50: Not the other way around, and I could be waiting in zoom for him to ask Caden hey do you mind if your mom joins. There's no reason to wait a month. I'm saying this was such a minute problem.
Galaxy A50: That an educated, I'm assuming, PhD, or at least I don't know licensed social worker would never do this unless they didn't want to deal with.
Shawn Phalen: Have you met with this counselor. This man for
Galaxy A50: Yeah, so he is the counselor at Hayden's pediatricians and Hayden sees him once a month.
Galaxy A50: All I'm saying is a professional would come up with a solution and not be a part of the problem unless they wanted to be part of the problem. I just asked you, have you met with this man before
Shawn Phalen: Me. Have you had a session of you.
Galaxy A50: Know, just
Galaxy A50: So you spoken to him over the phone.
Shawn Phalen: When was this
Galaxy A50: I speak to him. So once I talked to him when so in February and in in snow. No, sorry, end of February, and like end of March, and then over the email like two weeks ago.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you have had contact with this man.
Shawn Phalen: And you do realize this is Hayden's therapist is appointed
Galaxy A50: Right. No, it's not court appointed it's court order. But the thing is I all he knows is that I'm some mom, he knows nothing else I could be like I could be lying to you right now.
Galaxy A50: He, he never seen me and he didn't actually interact. So as far as he sees it normal dad.
Galaxy A50: Normal kid and mom who a CT most probably my ex husband probably always says, Oh, she was all pissed off at eight and again the other day over blah, blah, blah.
Galaxy A50: But that's not true. But what I mostly want is for Hayden to hear me out and in the counselor to say, Honey. She's not angry at you. She's being a mom. She's giving you disciplinary like she's giving you guidance.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, you're, you're creating scenarios that haven't happened you know here.
Galaxy A50: Yes, they have. Yes, they have. My ex husband will not let him communicate with the teachers and he's teaching Hayden that he is in charge, and I don't count. I'm sorry, I don't see how you don't understand me today.
Okay, I don't, you're right. I don't
Shawn Phalen: I'm having a difficult time following. I understand that you're upset.
Galaxy A50: You're having high half legal custody. I could I could join the session, the fact that people keep preventing me from exercising my parental rights will eventually come and bite me me. Yes.
Shawn Phalen: And that's where the fear is fine for you is, like, and I understand that.
Right, I get that.
Galaxy A50: I don't understand what you get this guy is part of the decision making of whether I'm gonna get my kid back and if my kid keeps showing up and saying things like, oh, I was afraid to make mom mad.
Shawn Phalen: So he said that he didn't for sure, said that
Galaxy A50: Well, he did to me.
Shawn Phalen: So he's for sure, said it to this man is what you're saying to me.
Know,
Galaxy A50: But
Galaxy A50: In his mind.
Galaxy A50: In his mind Hayden things I get mad. Like right now I am getting mad.
Galaxy A50: I don't know what's going on and Hayden is never going to over the phone. Tell me, Hey mom, dad, constantly tells me that you get mad dad tells me, blah, blah, because that is sitting right there.
Right.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, he's not gonna do that because he doesn't want to be in the middle.
Galaxy A50: Well, yes, but what I want for the counselor to do is just to kind of for lack of better words be like the mediation of luck. Look, this is not my map. This is just mom telling you
Galaxy A50: You will have a job to do. She has a job of like feeding you, and you have a job of going to school and doing what the school expects you to do so right now. You know what Hayden's favorite subject is never has been before his favorite subject these days is pee.
Galaxy A50: Pee. Just means he's out running around with the dogs. Fine, I'm good with this, but he still needs to do so much. And when I asked him to to rewrite his completely misspelled English homework. He threw a fit and refused.
Galaxy A50: And what he refused.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: He's 12 right
Galaxy A50: Yes.
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: He goes to this school that is extremely mediocre
Galaxy A50: And and he's not even shining. You would think that there, he would shine. So, once he gets here seventh grade two more years and he's in high school, he can barely right
Shawn Phalen: So I think that you are you're going way in the future here and you don't need to do that.
Shawn Phalen: I know that you feel like, what's happening is not up to what your standards are and that's clear, that is not how it would happen if Hayden war with you.
Galaxy A50: That the anxiety is coming from the fact that a professional an adult a therapist of all of all people.
Galaxy A50: Would come up with the solution. Not a problem. So there was a reason why he didn't want me talking to Hayden anymore. And since he has not seen Hayden since the time we spoke over the email.
Galaxy A50: Today, would have been the day. I'm sure that he had some sort of conversation with my ex husband, or he just decided he doesn't give a shit.
Please email him and ask him for clarification.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And that should have been done. So if you want to ease your anxiety around this. Okay, get it from him.
Galaxy A50: Well I, I, I wrote him back. I said, Sir, this is not an unsolvable situation. Can you just get it on after he gave me the second excuse I said
Galaxy A50: I we can work this out instead of waiting for a month. Can you just call me nothing.
Galaxy A50: And if he asks Hayden know that means he didn't is going to go until his dad, right, because he didn't just that kind of guy. It's not a big deal. And his dad would be like she probably wants to get you out for some because that's what he does.
Galaxy A50: It. This is not it's it's not, it's just
Galaxy A50: I'm I'm even more anxious. Now, not even anxious. I'm just so over this. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And, you know, this has been going on for a while. I understand that and everything's been pushed back. That doesn't help.
Galaxy A50: Well, my ex husband, from what I know owed his lawyer, a bunch of money. So now he's going to catch up. And all this is going to skyrocket.
Galaxy A50: It's fine. I'll work it out. I'm sorry, I just, I'm too upset to think about it anymore. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Do you want to reschedule. Then let me want to do
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, how about
Shawn Phalen: Wednesday, May 13 at eight.
Galaxy A50: That's two weeks. Right. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, that's good.
Wednesday, May 38
Galaxy A50: Uh huh. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Take a deep breath and there. This is difficult. I don't want to irritate you or escalate your anxiety anymore.
Galaxy A50: I'm gonna go for a drive. And I'll feel better. And because of this empty spaces go through that place where I used to go to smoke hookah. Yeah, they're not going to open anytime soon at all. So that was at least my little bit of like social circle nuts over and now whatever
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: go for a drive.
Everything.
Galaxy A50: Right. All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay. NICE CHATTING WITH YOU. BYE